# Meet your Professor

## Dr. Niccardo Rhoden, PMP

Source:

I am Niccardo Rhoden, an IT professional with over 19 years of
experience working in various industry segments and post-secondary
institutions. At Centennial College, I serve as the Director with
responsibility for Student Systems, Student Records & Scheduling.  
  
I hold a Doctor of Computer Sciences degree, from Colorado Technical
University and a Master of Science in Management Information Systems
from Nova Southeastern University. I am also a Certified Project
Management Professional (PMP®). My education combined with my
professional experience in the post-secondary environment, (managing
strategic initiatives and alignment of information systems, project
management, strategic planning, staff and financial management, policy
and procedural development, research, and teaching), are key components
of my accomplishments over the years.

 

**Academic Credentials, Publications and Research**

- **Link to Google Scholar Citations** <a
  href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9FBaJC0AAAAJ&amp;hl=en"
  style="color: #0563c1; text-decoration: underline;"><strong>https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9FBaJC0AAAAJ&amp;hl=en</strong></a>

 

My research area of focus involves Human-Computer Interaction (HCI),
immersive learning, cultural context and its impact on technology
adaptation and emerging technologies. As an IT professional and
academic, I am also interested in the ongoing development and management
of diverse information systems, security and integrations.

 

 

**Other areas of Interest**

 

I am a Level 6 Google Local Guide and photo enthusiast with over 18
million photo views on Google maps. I am also a freelance photographer,
specializing in nature, buildings, and landscape shots.

I am really looking forward to you introducing yourself over the next
few weeks. 

## Introductions

Now that you've learned a little something about me, take the time to
introduce yourself to the rest of the class in the <a
href="/d2l/common/dialogs/quickLink/quickLink.d2l?ou=1079692&amp;type=discuss&amp;rcode=CENCOL-970860"
target="_blank" rel="noopener">Introductions</a> discussion board.

 
